README.md, before:

<!--
 * @Author: Drswith
 * @Date: 2020-10-13 10:41:34
 * @LastEditTime: 2020-10-20 12:46:41
 * @LastEditors: Please set LastEditors
 * @Description: In User Settings Edit
 * @FilePath: \node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus\README.md
-->
# NOTICE
This repo is forked from https://github.com/baumblatt/node-red-contrib-crypto-js

And fixed sha1 algorithm at Digest Node(See https://github.com/baumblatt/node-red-contrib-crypto-js/issues/7)

# node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus
Node-RED nodes using CryptoJS to encrypt and decrypt messages

# Install
`npm install node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus`


# Sample Flows
![SampleFlows](samples/flows.jpg)

You can have access to this samples flows on `samples/flows.json` file.

# CryptoJS 
> JavaScript library of crypto standards.

Supported algorithms:   

Encrypt and Decrypt Nodes:
* crypto-js/aes
* crypto-js/des
* crypto-js/RC4
* crypto-js/Rabbit
* crypto-js/TripleDES

Digest Node
* crypto-js/md5
* crypto-js/sha1
* crypto-js/sha3
* crypto-js/sha224
* crypto-js/sha256
* crypto-js/sha384
* crypto-js/sha512
  
HMAC (Hash-based Message Authentication Code) Node
* crypto-js/hmac-md5
* crypto-js/hmac-sha1
* crypto-js/hmac-sha3
* crypto-js/hmac-sha224
* crypto-js/hmac-sha256
* crypto-js/hmac-sha384
* crypto-js/hmac-sha512

Encode and Decode
* crypto-js/enc-base64
* crypto-js/enc-Hex
* crypto-js/enc-Latin1
* crypto-js/enc-utf8
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16BE
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16LE


# Request for new algorithms
Feel free to open an Issue for new algorithms, but please, keep in mind that this is a 
`crypto-js` Node-RED bridge, so only algorithms supported by underline framework will be implemented.

Commit message:

update doc for msg.secrectkey

README.md, after:

<!--
 * @Author: Drswith
 * @Date: 2020-10-13 10:41:34
 * @LastEditTime: 2020-10-20 12:46:41
 * @LastEditors: Please set LastEditors
 * @Description: In User Settings Edit
 * @FilePath: \node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus\README.md
-->
# NOTICE
This repo is forked from https://github.com/baumblatt/node-red-contrib-crypto-js

And fixed sha1 algorithm at Digest Node(See https://github.com/baumblatt/node-red-contrib-crypto-js/issues/7)

# node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus
Node-RED nodes using CryptoJS to encrypt and decrypt messages

# Install
`npm install node-red-contrib-crypto-js-plus`


# Sample Flows
![SampleFlows](samples/flows.jpg)

You can have access to this samples flows on `samples/flows.json` file.

Note: User defined Secret Key can be overridden by sending a msg.secrectkey containing the key value you wish.

# CryptoJS 
> JavaScript library of crypto standards.

Supported algorithms:   

Encrypt and Decrypt Nodes:
* crypto-js/aes
* crypto-js/des
* crypto-js/RC4
* crypto-js/Rabbit
* crypto-js/TripleDES

Digest Node
* crypto-js/md5
* crypto-js/sha1
* crypto-js/sha3
* crypto-js/sha224
* crypto-js/sha256
* crypto-js/sha384
* crypto-js/sha512
  
HMAC (Hash-based Message Authentication Code) Node
* crypto-js/hmac-md5
* crypto-js/hmac-sha1
* crypto-js/hmac-sha3
* crypto-js/hmac-sha224
* crypto-js/hmac-sha256
* crypto-js/hmac-sha384
* crypto-js/hmac-sha512

Encode and Decode
* crypto-js/enc-base64
* crypto-js/enc-Hex
* crypto-js/enc-Latin1
* crypto-js/enc-utf8
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16BE
* crypto-js/enc-Utf16LE


# Request for new algorithms
Feel free to open an Issue for new algorithms, but please, keep in mind that this is a 
`crypto-js` Node-RED bridge, so only algorithms supported by underline framework will be implemented.
